It's okay guys before anything before
start I wanted to tell you that this is a
video that I recorded a long time ago
because it was night they were 3
morning more or less and I had thought
upload it to the secondary channel that
you have in the description always but not
I wanted to upload it I know it's not
a very fluid comment but I hope that
you value trying to upload video because
this week I'm going back on vacation
then I will not be able to upload many
videos and this is one of them so
I hope you like it and not much more
you are first character and in video
-I'm spain and I'm going to eat all the
cells that exist on this planet the
objective that to give the first is that if
we eat to an origin
here by here you know that you are like
yourselves game and we are cells
to eat and eat mini cells
and then with the mouse to all the
cells the other cells is worth and this
that is simply about this
so there are a lot of people here in henry
must be from the first times to the fourth
and then it's about staying in the top
because in the top it's really cool to stay
I arrived've reached maximum othón 9
I think but but that is not so difficult
you have to have a bit of luck, yes
Let's see
when we run more we run more
we run more we run more
we run more run more perfect now
here we do so hello
we hide this is bigger is more
big nothing nothing nothing but it is worth now
what
we have eaten one and found the
two small
I do not like English I do not like this
she's called whore we have to get to the top
10 for guys then we have to go
eating until you reach the top 10 on
moment we are going to be we are tiny
but top 10 we need what we can
get is subject to eat we do not know by the
Japanese
host how the little ones run
go to S
and let's go
let's put pass through it
and this is outside
spain & state that you run more perfect
you run more things more to see I want
eat someone already and I do not want
separate because when you part is
when the load guys look at l'origine
where he has stayed he does not know how
to l'origine god that we had
had before and look at that is to be lucky
Lucky guys
let's eat a third example
and always abandoned a piece of henry
I just want to get to the top 10 I remembered
of that is that is the center and giant
we have eaten a piece just ok let's go
we are looking for the top 10 colleagues not
the pod comes to me this vale we
we escaped because he's going to go for that
perfect perfect perfect we are that
paid rescued guys we've done it
all right
It will not leave ha ha ha
this talks a lot is really what
I highly recommend you have the web in the
description because I really tell you
I recommend it because it's super simple but
that prevents you from having some vices in
this game while the origin of honor and
simona origin
and we are cornered
cornered we are guys
comes this fat we are cornered
It runs that you run more than the
fat and you know it oh my fucking oz a lot
people commit these do not you the models
we have to eat I want to get to the top
10 guys I want to get to the top 10 is that
I want it I want to arrive I want to get there
but it's going to be difficult but I want to get there
we will show the initials see
I'm going to separate played there we're not
in the top 10 now the technique is to get
here and come back together but it's going to be
hard
and I want to join again diameter
to put together I think there is not a time for
come back together
and that time I do not know so let's go
making time to get together
if I want to get together because I think it
I joined
do not miss us in the last
moment
Dona and we meet if I put a test in
six if we're worth nothing to
top 10 and I think I think we have nothing left
for the top 10 in a fox fox fox fox fox
sports tm gets you spain that has a
poker face
it has happened to us
we are in nothing is that we are nothing nothing
we are simply nothing is worth to
originates falling back
this one goes hand in hand looks there are only two
origins
now let's eat west alicia
Sanchez to 10 if I wanted to go for
we are going to put we are going to see I think
that we are equal
If I eat it, I eat it, I eat it
why and why why commit it 4
meters to east by east for this
couple of let's see if we eat at
yom and this but we have everything done
Vergés is worth yes 929 boys 999 if we have
got guys 29 we are are 29
Well it was beautiful while the truth lasted
I'm going inside of origin we've got
the top 10
as a ball